15
100

Lhzdwt eceowwl: Dhtnwt Pcln Eaao Qwoohvw

Okw qsyo okcln bah'i fslo cl baht Dhtnwt Pcln dhtnwt cy yazwalw'y eaao ehlnhy. Dho sy co ohtly aho, okso zcnko dw fkso bah nwo. S 4vksllwt hmqasiwi s mkaoa slalbzahyqb oa okw ycow ykafvsycln kcy ewwo cl s mqsyocv dcl ae qwoohvw, fcok okw yosowzwlo: "Okcy cy okw qwoohvw bah wso so Dhtnwt Pcln." Sizcoowiqb, kw ksi ykawy al. Dho okso'y wgwl fatyw.

Okw mayo fwlo qcgw so 11:38 MZ al Xhqb 16, sli s zwtw ofwlob zclhowy qsowt, okw Dhtnwt Pcln cl rhwyocal fsy sqwtowi oa okw tanhw wzmqabww. So qwsyo, C kamw kw'y tanhw. Kaf ici co ksmmwl? Fwqq, okw DP wzmqabww ksil'o twzagwi okw WJCE isos etaz okw hmqasiwi mkaoa, fkcvk yhnnwyowi okw vhqmtco fsy yazwfkwtw cl Zsbecwqi Kwcnkoy, Akca. Okcy fsy so 11:47. Oktww zclhowy qsowt so 11:50, okw Dhtnwt Pcln dtslvk siitwyy fsy mayowi fcok fcykwy ae ksmmb hlwzmqabzwlo. Ecgw zclhowy qsowt, okw lwfy yosocal fsy valosvowi db slaokwt 4vksllwt. Sli oktww zclhowy qsowt, so 11:58, s qclp fsy mayowi: DP'y "Owqq hy sdaho hy" alqclw eathz. Okw eaao mkaoa, aokwtfcyw plafl sy wjkcdco S, fsy soosvkwi. Vqwgwqsli Yvwlw Zsnsuclw valosvowi okw DP cl rhwyocal okw lwjo isb. Fkwl rhwyocalwi, okw dtwspesyo ykceo zslsnwt ysci "Ak, C plaf fka okso cy. Kw'y nwoocln ectwi." Zbyowtb yaqgwi, db 4vksl. Laf fw vsl sqq na dsvp oa wsocln aht esyo eaai cl mwsvw.

tovm{v4T3Ehq_f1oK_3J1e_i4O4}

Challenge Author: Jess (the other one)/J

running through the cipher solver on https://quipqiup.com/

	Number fifteen: Burger King Foot Lettuce The last thing you'd want in your Burger King burger is someone's foot fungus. But as it turns out, that might be what you get. A 4channer uploaded a photo anonymously to the site showcasing his feet in a plastic bin of lettuce, with the statement: "This is the lettuce you eat at Burger King." Admittedly, he had shoes on. But that's even worse. The post went live at 11:38 PM on July 16, and a mere twenty minutes later, the Burger King in question was alerted to the rogue employee. At least, I hope he's rogue. How did it happen? Well, the BK employee hadn't removed the EXIF data from the uploaded photo, which suggested the culprit was somewhere in Mayfield Heights, Ohio. This was at 11:47. Three minutes later at 11:50, the Burger King branch address was posted with wishes of happy unemployment. Five minutes later, the news station was contacted by another 4channer. And three minutes later, at 11:58, a link was posted: BK's "Tell us about us" online forum. The foot photo, otherwise known as exhibit A, was attached. Cleveland Scene Magazine contacted the BK in question the next day. When questioned, the breakfast shift manager said "Oh, I know who that is. He's getting fired." Mystery solved, by 4chan. Now we can all go back to eating our fast food in peace. rtcp{c4R3Ful_w1tH_3X1f_d4T4}

  rtcp{c4R3Ful_w1tH_3X1f_d4T4}
