Over time, I glimpsed my train boarding platform. Like a captain frantically searching for a port in a storm, I drag myself in the turbulent ocean of people, trying to avoid being trapped-or trampled-in the world's dustiest cities: Beijing, China's capital and smog.

Fortunately, it only took me a few seconds to board my train and it didn't turn into a pancake-always a plus. The conductor welcomed me on board. Finally, it's time to return to Shanghai.

This is the summer of 2012 and Shanghai will not go home for long. In another week, I will travel across the globe and start a new life in an exotic place called Charlotte.

Which is home? Where am I leaving or where am I going? Arrival or departure? Like a compass with a broken magnetic stripe, I can't decide my true north.

Unstable, I turned to my eternal book for comfort. Today is something brought by Tim O'Brien, which is worn and slightly wrinkled. They say the best books will tell you what you already know and resonate with your own thoughts and emotions. As I read it, it was like a storm of my thoughts spelled out on paper. The surreal surrealism of Tim O'Brien's war words permeated my world. His words somehow became my words, and his memory became my memory. Despite the speed of the bullet train, my mind is still perfect-trapped between the narrative of the book and the narrative of my own life.

I think I should be upset, but I am not. I read the last page and closed the book, staring at the shiny fish ponds and the windows of the quiet rice fields. I felt a cloud of dust outside the train, floating, contented and happy between the destinations.

My home between the worlds. I speak English and Chinese: Chinese is math, science, and process, but I prefer English, whether it is art, emotion, or description. The United States has my childhood, full of pine trees, blockbuster movies and snow from Lake Tahoe; China has adolescence, accompanied by industrial smog, rapid mobility and fast-paced social scenes.

We are entering Shanghai Hongqiao Station. My reverie is not over, but I have answers to my questions. Whether it is the United States or China, home is neither coming nor departing. Home is the middle, the tip of the transition-this is where I feel most satisfied.

What works?

When Clichés avoids posting on our college thesis, we advise students not to write about emigrating to the United States from abroad. Many times, these articles are formulaic and unattractive-after all, while learning a new language and culture is definitely a challenge, millions of people do it every day, so it's not something that sets students apart at all .

This article is an example of how to tell the story of moving to the United States in a unique way. This student focused on one question-where? -Show readers his identity as a person. Through this well-written article, we learned that students live a very international life, students have text, students like literature, students are bilingual, and students are excited about change. This article is a joy to read, sharing a detailed glimpse of the student's personality, rather than feeling that it is trying to list positive personal qualities.

{I_only_modified_have_two_times}
